早上好，中国的朋友们，我们现在在北京，
这座拥有超过2000万人口的超大城市，
已经有3000多年的历史了，这让我感到非常震撼。
我们利用了144小时免签过境政策，所以只有几天时间，
这足够我们初步了解这座城市和这个国家。
看看这里多美，今天天气也很好，将会是美好的一天。
我们现在正前往景山公园，据说那里是旧城的最高点，
可以俯瞰故宫，景色非常壮观。
来到北京后，我首先注意到的是，
尽管这是一个拥有众多人口的大城市，但一切却显得非常安静。
我们正在走一条主要道路，现在大多数汽车都是电动的，这非常棒，
所以我可以在路边说话，不用担心噪音。
这让我感到非常惊讶，这里非常安静和平静，再加上所有的绿色植物，这非常漂亮。
[音乐] 好吧，我们刚刚到达景山公园，门票是10元，我读到他们稍微提高了价格，
因为四月和五月有很多美丽的花朵，所以很明显，
人们来参观公园，我们一走进去就可以闻到所有的花朵，看到所有的花朵，所以我很高兴来到这里。
[音乐] 看看这些红色的花朵，它们非常漂亮，它们闻起来很香。
smell all the flowers and see all of the
beautiful flowers so yeah excited to be
here wow look at these red ones
these are so pretty they smell
amazing wow this park has such a great Vibe
it is so quiet and peaceful it's great to see
everybody enjoying it especially all the locals
everybody with their huge lenses taking so many
photos and the variety of flowers is blowing my
mind a little bit so QA Boll Montage of all the
[Music]
flowers okay I think we made up to the main
viewing point up here that's where all the
people are lined up it overlooks the entire
forbidden city which is so cool snagg us a
spot how beautiful is this view right I know
I love all of the orange roofs this is so nice
and the weather today is so good right so this is
actually an artificial Hill so whenever they were
building the Forbidden City and like Excavating
the moat basically they took all of the dirt
from the moat and put it in this big pile here
and this hill now looks over the Forbidden City
so that's how this hill was made it's pretty cool
actually I know fun fact I wonder if they planned
it that way or just happened to be I think they
did plan it it's like very funu everything is
very methodical I think perfect it's okay man
thank you thank you beautiful you guys thank
you okay got my photo that was interesting what
were you taking a photo of this the sign at the
ground says the central point of Beijing but it's
so funny I was standing next to it and then like
10 people like one after after just go in front
of me for their photo I keep trying but I don't
think I'm going to get up there people just go
in front of me I can't be passive here can't be
passive so that thing I said earlier about being
very quiet and peaceful I take it all back now I'm
just joking it's just so busy up here there's so
many people enjoying the views of the Forbidden
City everybody's so friendly too been asking
everybody if I can take photos of them and
said yes good start for our time here in Beijing
yeah it's so it's so fun it's just I love it so
at the very top Viewpoint you can go to the other
side not facing the Forbidden City it's a little
bit quieter not quite as crowded but the views are
just as good I feel like I'm very surprised by all
the greenery here in Beijing you have the river
over here behind me and all these trees it is so
beautiful I need food time you hungry yeah
I'm hungry everything takes a lot longer
than you think with Tommy filming people
it it does take quite a oh we'll have a
quick trip to the park and then we'll go get
some food and now I'm like really in need of
food
thank so good so good so
beautiful you guys thank you great
manate awesome views great weather all the
friendly people yeah and yeah just great sites
of the whole city and I worked up an appetite
so what's our first meal here going to be peek
and duck peek and duck it's not actually our first
meal we had a meal last night which was delicious
so good what' you have oh we had officially
had Kung Pow chicken oh it was so good though
it was amazing and then we had this like um
this beef dish with like chiny celery it was
so spicy that it burned Tommy's tongue and made
it numb yeah my tongue was numb for like hours
but the host we had was so sweet he let us try
their plum wine too which was so so delicious
served with these flowers cheers to China huh
to China and we had a a beer a Chinese beer a
few beers cuz my mouth was on fire but such
good food so far anyway let's go eat [Music]
[Music] amazing thank you
perfect man so [Music] good
awesome
hello chances are if you're coming to
Beijing you're going to order the duck
so we're in the diman area it's basically
like the road that's leading from where
this morning jingshen Park to the drum and bell
towers that we're going to next and this little
roast duck shop just happened to be like on the
way um and I think a lot of the locals just call
it roast duck they don't call it like peeking
duck or Bing duck they just say roast duck and
the name of the shop is deanan roast deck so so
I was asking our waitress I was like oh can I
get shots of the chef preparing the duck she
pointed behind me right in the entrance door
when we walked in I missed it they have all these
ducks in this refrigerator system they take them
out hang them up outside this fireplace and then
inside you can see there's like 12 of them already
roasting in there and the guy takes them out
with the big hook and hangs them out to cool
off and then one of the guys goes to and cuts
them all up to smell at you guys I am uh pretty
ecstatic right now so I asked the waitress
what sh she recommends to go with the duck
and she recommend this Chinese salad which we've
never had before it already looks amazing it has
some of my favorite things cilantro sesame seeds
noodles looks amazing so you put this one here
with this okay okay dip this in here yeah okay
and then you put this with this and in here okay
perfect yeah why do you think she brought
Sephora I like it is time for the first
bite of roasted dck it looks just like oh
crispy so Juicy and Delicious it's so so good
I can't tell you how good it is cooked Perfection
so crunchy the meat is so moist this might be the
best duck I've ever had this is a Lotus Leaf
pancake look how thin it is then I'm going to
put some duck I'm going to dip the duck in the
sauce ooh that sauce is thick this is cucumber
and onion I have no idea if we're doing this
right or not I think this might be right the
duck is so salty and juicy and then the sauce
adds like a sweet touch to it and then with the
crunchy cucumbers and the refreshing onions it
is so good this is an excellent dish look how
delicious these look so these are just duck bones
that they cook with salt and pepper this has to
be my favorite part wow what a delicious meal
that was so good thank you guys byebye byebye
we read online they actually have to wait in
line to get to some of these duck places but
this is so convenient we just walked right
in and got a table it was only like $24 too
so not too bad yeah it was actually very
affordable that was for all of our all of
our food we did only do half a duck though
it was so good such high quality food though
yum
see I have tickets how much were that so it was
30 R&B for both Towers oh scarf 30 R&B for both
Towers so these are the drum and bell towers the
sign over there side only buy the tickets if you
can climb the very steep stairs both of them
have very steep stairs so there used to be a
tradition where at dawn they would I think
ring the bell and then at dusk they would
bang the drums hope I got it in the right order
um and so they built these drum and bell towers
all over China the ones specifically here in
Beijing are the biggest in China and they're
pretty massive and we're going to go climb up the
stairs on both and see the views over the city
[Music]
wow it is so stand look at those stairs it down
bra
Bravo wow that was so worth the wait I can't
believe how power hole those drums are that was
so cool that was fun right yeah that was so cool
how does one become a drummer at the drum Tower
that's what I saw I was like those guys just hang
out well I don't know what they do all day but
every hour an hour they bang the drums how justes
want to apply for that job I could get down with
[Music] that well that coffee was just
the pickme up we needed the lady was
so sweet too a delicious latte yeah and I
had a Lemon Hawthorne Green Tea it was so
so good it was perfect afternoon pick
me up for sure yes and now I'm ready
for another little sweet treat and ice cream
good idea the soft serve here looks so good oh
yeah
okay we just found a really nice pedestrian only
Street just kind of wandering around has lots of
like shops souvenir shop snacks to try and I
see my second sweet treat over there you can
never pass those down no ever since we had
them in Taiwan every time we see them I get
[Music] one these are so delicious
sugarcoated strawberries juicy
strawberry crunchy sugar let's hear the [Music]
crunch oh look at that strawberry it looks
so fresh dang that's good top tip if you're
coming to China download alipay on your phone
it's it's a um it's an app to pay for things
it's like cash L you connect your credit
card it's taken more than cash and credit
card like our credit cards aren't accepted so
you need to download alipay to pay for things
this is not an ad for alip pay it's starting
to sound like one it's a helpful top [Music]
[Music]
tip all right so we made it to the lake area
what's this place called you know yeah well
it's like a series of lakes but I think this
one in particular is the shahai lake and it's
surrounded by like a bunch of hutongs and
neighborhoods to explore it's really nice
it's so beautiful so quiet too I love everybody's
on bicycles or on these little Rick Shaws which
you can take a ride around on these little paths
pretty sweet way to end our day right yeah it's
been such a great day Beijing has not been what
we expected at all I definitely expected like a
loud crazy noisy traffic City and it's truly
been like the complete opposite everything is
quiet the cars are electric there's so much nature
yeah it's been such a great day everything's so
green people have been so friendly it's been a
great start toour our 4 days that's all we have
sad she thank you so beautiful thank you
this is so pretty this setting slightly stressful
situation just now I left my phone and my charger
sitting on a bench way down there and we're
already here at the temple and I was like oh
my gosh I left my phone on that bench it had
been like 10 minutes I ran down and some girl
was keeping an eye on it until I came back for it
so sweet like what also where's my brain I can't
believe I left it there but so [Music] sweet
perfect thank you what a perfect spot to end
our first day here in Beijing we're filming a few
more videos here which we can't wait to show you
guys thank you guys for watching we love all
you guys can't wait to show you more here in
China awesome man thank you [Music]